so happy to be it's very good to see you
I haven't seen you for a long time and I
heard you were outside checking out your
star on the Hollywood Walk guilty this
afternoon I was trying to be discreet
just slowly walking down and checking
out your star thing yes I am there I am
between the Andrew sisters and Donald
dog but you think about it exactly where
I should you want to check out it means
it doesn't mean that it means something
to you still here he's dug up ya know
it's like some people not on my watch as
long as that's in front of our building
we're gonna make sure that stays
protected yes thank you yeah it's very
good to see you anyone recognize you out
there were they yeah the guy who said is
this thing for you he may have yeah yeah
it's cuz there's a lot of distraction
with Sponge Bob and whatnot out there so
sometimes you know you don't expect
statement come walking down the block
no one expects me if you are in a place
and you hear what or anywhere you hear
one of your songs on the radio will you
listen will you keep with it no no but
if I'm in traffic it's happened a couple
of times there's only one radio station
in England so I'm driving in England by
the traffic lights and my song is on the
radio and somebody's listening to it I
try and catch their eye and start to
lip-synch
and then I then I leave that's a story
that when they'll go to work and tell
people there and no one won't believe it
yeah someone doesn't recognize you just
think oh there's an insane man mouthing
along well most people sing in that
cause anyway there's only one station in
inning no that's not true okay somebody
needs to get some satellite oh that used
to be when I was a kid that was only the
BBC that was the one that everybody
listened to and that makes it in the old
days like what was the first song of
yours you heard on the radio the first
song was Roxanne Roxanne and it was in
[Applause]
1978 I had a little basement flat in
Bayswater in the middle of London and I
was painting the ceiling so I was up on
two ladders and a plank painting a white
emulsion and then the song came on I
fell off the ladder and and landed in
the paint Wow and then I called up Bondi
and Stewart the other guys in the pieces
that we're on the radio and they too
were in a state of you know disarray the
most exciting thing ever is to hear your
song on the radio for the first time
nothing beats that yeah yeah I can
understand that IRA well if you think
could be a few things could be you
Rick's probably experienced those as
well surely you are doing a show in Las
Vegas starting later this year okay yes
in May at Caesar's Palace at Caesar's
Palace yes where I grew up in Las Vegas
so I need in Caesar's Palace
almost pretty yeah kind of actually it
kind of in fact both the Clio's and our
band worked at Caesar's Palace and great
band
yeah thank you so what do you know I
don't you don't strike me as a Vegas
kind of guy I've been playing Vegas for
a long time you know just going in for
one night right that's very different
yeah first one was Aladdin's I think I'm
forget what you yea the Aladdin theater
but actually having your own room your
own space is something I'm really
looking forward to because I can create
my world there uh-huh invite people into
my world normally I do my shows it's
just music and its really good lights to
good show but
no theatrical element so I'm gonna
explore that thing have a dancer or two
some fantastic you know scenery not
perhaps changing a robe every song or
you know no headdresses no maybe a tiger
would be nice maybe some green android
can loan you some animals no they ins
nothing like that it saw somebody in
half I do the magic but yeah I wonder if
you're prepared to live in Vegas for an
extended period of time
well we'll find out yeah we are gonna
find out how long is the run will you do
three week pods okay doing three this
year so it's not too onerous I see but I
don't gamble you don't know then you
will have nothing to do lucky in love in
the day yeah you can go walk in the
mountains that's it really though there
you can walk in the mountains but you
can only do that like for a month until
it gets way too hot to be walking in the
mountains okay so start walking right
the minute you get there an a thank you
there's a local speak and then forget
about it let's talk about this musical
that you is came out of your brain the
last ship it you wrote it you are
performing in it it said in my hometown
sent your real home - I was born within
spitting distance of a shipyard in fact
giant ships is the tower over my house
as a young man as a boy and I would see
thousands of men walk into that shipyard
every morning wondering whether that
would be my destiny and that's the last
thing I wanted be there's dangerous dark
terrible place and so I did I escaped
and then one day I realized they've been
given a gift I was born in this epic
landscape a surreal industrial landscape
that had amazing effect on on me and the
symbolism of ships and what those men
did really stayed with me and made me
who I am so as a debt to my community I
wanted to honor them with a story that
that honored them and their their lives
did you ever work on a ship at any time
did I I have a seaman's card and I
worked on a ship as a musician oh you
have you need on a cruise ship you
have to have a seaman's cars ever
Stephens car really um what what do you
do to get that you just have to get it
so the entertainment on a ship is
organized by the ship's purser who's an
officer yeah and the ship first when
this ship hated me by the way I know all
this just from the show Love Boat I
don't know I don't have all of this
information is from The Love Boat yes so
he hated me didn't like the way I dress
like nothing about me why one night he
came up and said you have to stop
singing the drama can sing you're
upsetting some of the lady passengers
there okay so as punishment they sent us
down into the bowels of the ship through
the engine room into the the crews
galley and we had to entertain the crew
half of whom are in full drag and I was
much more popular down there than I was
on death you weren't upsetting anybody
down there well how were you upsetting
the female passengers sexually like
where they I think they were older
ladies I see yeah and they were swooning
Wow yeah I've not had that experience at
all how many times have you done the
last ship the show itself I've performed
in it exactly a hundred and fifteen
times so far so when you ride it and
it's your thing do you change it as it
goes do you make those two you're not
supposed to occasionally I'll forget a
line and like I'm supposed to what if
you have to say the lines that are
written I see all the lines themselves
but like as far as like I think we'll do
this I'll add this ear I'll make this
little chain there every season we do it
it does it does also be we want to
improve the thing is it goes on it's a
living organism did you cast everyone
just about is that shipyard still in
your hometown no it closed down it did
it's a hole in the ground yeah I have
you is there any like talk of maybe
putting staging this show in your town
we did it did it last no you do and so
it was a great idea I had after you had
it
I'm glad we could collaborate on that
wow that's interesting and I would have
met was your family there would have a
police scene the show the police the
police yeah
you mean the LAPD those guys you were in
a band with yeah they came last night oh
they did very very supportive it was not
very lovely oh great is it weird when
they're in the audience watching you and
you're performing I'm aware of them
uh-huh yeah yeah you know where they I
can feel them yeah that's got to be a
little bit strange that was good
yeah it's good well that's great well
we're gonna do a song for for us tonight
from the show sure with your casts the
brunt of quite a group a whole crew and
when we come back it's from the last
ship which is playing at the Ahmanson
Theatre no way
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do